The success of our business relies on all of our people working to create shared value for our business
and for the Australian community.
This module will provide you with a window to some of the behind-the-scenes work that supports our front line people
and sustains our business into the future.
As a member of our team, it's up to you to make sure that you act in-line with Our Values,
Our Ethics, and within any laws or regulations.
And, just to make sure you're clear on this, you'll get training at just the right time
with just the right amount of information to help you understand what you can expect from us,
and what we expect from you.
You can also read about these in a series of policy documents on the Corporate Intranet site.
If you're unable to access the Corporate Intranet, talk to your People Leader.
We want to support you to make better decisions in the work you do every day,
so that our business continues to be a great place to work
and the customers and businesses we serve, leave with a smile.